# LuckPermsWeb
A collection of web resources for the LuckPerms plugin.

**This branch is a full re-write and not complete.**

**Currently working on:** web editor

**To do:**
- [ ] Home page
- [ ] Download page
- [ ] Wiki
- [x] Web editor (in beta)
- [ ] Verbose report
- [ ] Debug report
- [ ] Tree report

## Web Editor

```
NOTE: You must be running at least version 5.0.44 of LuckPerms to use this version of the web editor.
Currently there is no public release of this available and you will need to build the plugin from source.

There are no plans to support older versions of the plugin.
```

A working version can be found here:  
[https://luckperms.turbotailz.com/editor/](https://luckperms.turbotailz.com/#/editor/)`<sessionID>`

Where `<sessionID>` is the 10 digit ID when you generate a new editor session.

**Example:**

If your link looks like this:

```
https://luckperms.github.io/editor/#ewx0HjBMX9
```

Then your session ID is `ewx0HjBMX9` - the part after the `#`

## Project setup

### Automatic setup
The automatic setup is fairly straight forward.

#### Installation
Just run those commands as a user that has `sudo` permissions:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/lucko/LuckPermsWeb.git
LuckPermsWeb/installer/install.sh
```

Answer the question and it will install all missing prerequisites and and the editor itself.

#### Update
Just update the repo and run the install script again:

```sh
cd LuckPermsWeb
git reset --hard
git pull
installer/install.sh
```

#### Uninstallation
Run this command:

```sh
LuckPermsWeb/installer/uninstall.sh
```

#### Caveats
There are a few things to watch out for:

- This is designed to use [nginx](https://www.nginx.com/) as the webserver. Support for Apache is planned (if you know Apache well enough, consider reaching out
  to us so we can add it!)
- Automatic package installation only works on Debian-based distros, as `apt-get` is used to install the missing prerequisites. If you're not on Debian-based
  distro, be sure to have these commands available, then it'll work too:
  - `java` (needed for bytebin)
  - `jq`
  - `nc`
  - `nginx`
  - `netstat`
  - `sed`
  - `wget`
  - `certbot` (only if you want to use HTTPS and want the certificate to be generated by Let's Encrypt)
- The bytebin will be setup using a systemd config. If you are not running on a system that uses systemd, the script will not work and you have to set it up
  yourself.

### Manual setup
Setting up the project manually locally is simple, all you need is Node installed on your computer, then you can clone the repo and run:
```
npm install
```

#### Compile and setup hot-reloads for development
Once you've installed the dependencies, you can run the project locally easily by running:
```
npm run serve
```

#### Compile and minify for production
If you want to build the project to a folder that can be access via a webserver, running this command will build the project in the `dist` folder:
```
npm run build
```
